Validation list (#9356)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/validations/rule-list.md

...
</form>
```

It doesn't check for both values to be numeric, so if `field-3` = 10 and `field-5` = '3a', it will silently accept it

### letters-only

It checks for latin A-Z,a-z letters only

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
  <input name="example" id="example" title="Example" value="" type="text" class="letters-only"/>
...
</form>
```

### letters-with-basic-punc

It checks for latin letters and punctuation only, regex being `a-z\-.,()'\"\s`

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
  <input name="example" id="example" title="Example" value="" type="text" class="letters-with-basic-punc"/>
...
</form>
```

### max-words

It checks for no more than predefined number of words. Max number of words should be set as a parameter.

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
  <input name="example" id="example" title="Example" value="" type="text" data-validate="{'max-words':4}"/>
...
</form>
```

Here, it accepts no more than 4 words.

### min-words

> It checks for more than predefined number of words. Min number of words should be set as a parameter.

Author: fixed.

          <tr><th><input type="text" class="required-visual-swatch-entry" name="field-8"/></th></tr>
       </tbody>
    </table>
    <div class="actions-toolbar">
        <div class="primary">
            <button type="submit" title="Submit" class="action submit primary">
                <span>Submit</span>
            </button>
        </div>
    </div>
</form>
```

In the example above it will trigger a warning as `field-1` isn't empty.

### stripped-min-length

It checks for at least predefined number of characters.

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
 <input name="field-4" id="field-3" title="Field 3" type="text" data-validate="{'stripped-min-length':'4'}"/>
...
</form>
```

In the example above, any input less than 4 characters will trigger a warning.

### time

It checks for a valid time between 00:00 and 23:59.

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
 <input name="field-4" id="field-3" title="Field 3" type="text" data-validate="{'time':true}"/>
...
</form>
```

### time12h

> It checks for a valid time between 00:00 am and 12:00 pm.

Author: fixed.

> It checks for a valid time between 00:00 am and 12:00 pm. `12:01 pm` and `11:59 pm` value are valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It checks for a valid time between 00:00 am and 12:00 pm. `12:01 pm` and `11:59 pm` values are also valid.
```

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
  <input name="field-4" id="field-3" title="Field 3" type="text" data-validate="{'validate-cc-exp':'#field-5'}"/>
  <input name="field-5" id="field-5" type="text" value="2022"/>
...
</form>
```

It interprets input as a month number with year set in a predefined field. Sanity check is limited.

*  `40` - true
*  `G` - false

### validate-cc-number

It checks for a valid credit card number based on mod 10.

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
  <input name="field-4" id="field-3" title="Field 3" type="text" data-validate="{'validate-cc-number':true}"/>
...
</form>
```

### validate-cc-type

It checks for a credit card number to match a predefined credit card type.

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
  <input name="field-4" id="field-3" title="Field 3" type="text" data-validate="{'validate-cc-type':'#field-5'}"/>
  <input name="field-5" id="field-5" type="text" value="AE"/>
...
</form>
```

> Field `field-5` holds a credit card type, `AE` stands for American Express.

Author: fixed.

> Field `field-5` holds a credit card type, possible values are: `SO`, `SM`, `VI`, `MC`, `AE`, `DI`, `JCB`, `DN`, `UN`, `MI`, `MD`.

Reviewer: As there are so many and some are not obvious - I'd recommend turning this list into a small table and defining what each of the 2 letter codes are.

Author: Fixed.

                       <option value="">-</option><option value="2022">2022</option>
                </select>
                <input type="hidden" name="validate_datetime_2" class="validate-datetime-2" value="" data-validate="{'validate-required-datetime':2}">
        </div>
...
</form>
```

### validate-select

It checks for a select field to be selected.

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
   <div class="control">
               <select name="field-4" id="field-5"  data-validate="{'validate-select':true}">
                   <option value=""></option>
                   <option value="1">1</option>
                   <option value="2">2</option>
               </select>
   </div>
...
</form>
```

### validate-ssn

It checks for a valid social security number.

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
   <div class="control">
     <input name="field-4" id="field-5" title="Field 5" type="text" data-validate="{'validate-ssn':true}"/>
   </div>
...
</form>
```

### validate-state

> It checks for a valid state.

Author: fixed.

   </div>
...
</form>
```

### validate-street

It checks for a valid street address, it allows only letters (a-z or A-Z), numbers (0-9), spaces and `#`.

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
   <div class="control">
     <input name="field-4" id="field-5" title="Field 5" type="text" data-validate="{'validate-street':true}"/>
   </div>
...
</form>
```

### validate-url

It checks for a valid URL.

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
   <div class="control">
     <input name="field-4" id="field-5" title="Field 5" type="text" data-validate="{'validate-url':true}"/>
   </div>
...
</form>
```

### validate-xml-identifier

It checks for a valid XML-identifier (Ex: something\_1, block5, id-4).

#### Example

```html
<form class="form" id="my-form" method="post" data-mage-init='{"validation": {}}'>
...
   <div class="control">
     <input name="field-4" id="field-5" title="Field 5" type="text" data-validate="{'validate-xml-identifier':true}"/>
   </div>
...
</form>
```

### validate-zero-or-greater

> It checks for a number 0 or greater in this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It checks that a number is zero or greater in this field.
```
